Enter your sudo password:
Enter encryption letter: a-zA-Z (translates the password)
password --(key a)--> qbttxpse
It's a reversible encryption

One day a Nigerian Prince emails you.
A) Give him your bank info -> You lost already you goddamn retard
B) He ends up sshing into your system somehow, and he tries to crack your encrypted password
	- your mother helped him because she though he was your friend from school, "god dammit mom..."

the comments are the messages you get in game when going to those directories

Files:
Computer
	Documents
		Work // This is serious business; he won't be in here
		School // Jamal has an aversion to school.
		Not Porn // There's no way Jamal can get in here. It is protected by state of the art 2^100 bit encryption
	Games
		Club Penguin // It doesn't look like Jamal is sliding around on the ice here.
		League of Legends // Jamal is Diamond I, he has no interest in your peasantry.
		Runescape // Jamal has 2,147,483,648 gp, 1 more coin than is programmatically possible. That's a Nigerian Prince for you.
	System
		Programs
		Data
Phone
	Documents
		Music
		Pictures
		Videos
	System
		Programs
		Data
Tablet
	Documents
		Music
		Books
		Movies
	System
		Programs
		Data


He finds the file with all your credentials, encrypted by the password, but he doesn't know the password yet.
First, you must recover this important file.
You search through everything using a simulated terminal with cd, and then execute the search command until you find the file.
The file is stashed in a random location, you have to move it back to Computer/System/Data

The Nigerian Prince has built himself a secure shack in Computer/System/Castle
If you can crack the password you can open the folder and delete him from your system.

The prince's password is 6 digits long, 4 3-digit blocks are hidding throughout various folders.
3 of these blocks will start with the same digit, and those 3 blocks will have the remaining 2 letters in some order make up the 6 digit password.

You have to be in all 3 folders at once to unlock the Prince's Castle.



